EXAMPLES

https://jessebronstein.com/

Photogaphy: https://davemeyers.com/photography/

Work

Hero Loop playing

NEVERHOME - Perro (Official Music Video)
3 Stills

4th ARQ Wayfinders Campaign
3 Stills

Saul 16mm Test Shoot
3 Stills

Slowdown Dry Goods - “Life is a Gift”
3 Stils

Dead Dove (Your Love Was Never A Waste of Time) - Hiding Places (Official Music Video)
3 Stills

JD Airmax Day Reel
3 Stills  (try to resize these to fit if you can, I can get new stills to fit aspect ratio if needed)


Narrative

Stills Gallery
“Bay Ridge to the Bronx” 
This short film follows Tony, a young man from Bay Ridge whose parents are away. After attending confession at his local church, he receives a call from his father with difficult news: Tony’s grandfather is gravely ill and nearing the end of his life. Take with representing his family, Tony must travel to the Bronx to witness his grandfather’s final moments.

“BURP” 
Stills Gallery
When a young woman hesitates on the day of her abortion, she's pulled into the surreal underworld of Manhattan's Chinatown — where an opera singer, two bumbling thugs, and a cat-Xanax ring fronting as a dumpling shop blur the lines between grief and absurdity.


Photography

INFO

Weston Flemmons is a New York based Director of Photography with over four years of experience. He is originally from Memphis, TN — with a background in skateboarding and documentary filmmaking. He has experiences collaborating with brands like JD Sports, Jordan, Adidas, and Primark.

Contact
info@westonflemmons.com

Copyright 2026 Weston Flemmons and Email Button + Instagram button bottom right corner



NOTES

Have the hero video play full screen up top with my name in the middle with a work button the left that drops the page down to the videos. Each video will have 3 stills that serve as the thumbnail for the link to the video player that pops up just like it does on Jesse Bronstein’s website. No still gallery underneath just the video is good. Also an info button the right that scrolls all the way to the bottom.

The work section will have tabs like Jesse Bronstein’s with “Selected” “Narrative” and “Photography”. “Selected” will be the videos linked above with the 3 stills thumbnails and pop up player when clicked. “Narrative” will be similar to “selected” with the 3 stills thumbnails but instead of a video player let it be a gallery of photos when clicked on with the synopsis underneath. The “Photography” section will be the photos in the “Photography” folder above.

All one single page would be great 

Neue Haas Grotesk Font

